{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Growing up I was always fascinated with computers, from a very early age I was fortunate enough to own a PC, which was immediately disassembled and I started to make modifications and was always constantly working on it exploring the internet and researching things with immediate access to information. After highschool was when I started my adventures in the technology industry, this was when I was 18 years old. I was working in San Francisco with a mechanical contracting company who installed plumbing, HVAC, sprinklerfitting, and steamfitting. \'a0After working there for about a year I understood that physical labor wasn\'92t my forte and that I needed to start seeking out other forms of empolyment. \'a0Which is when i stumbled upon the computer repair industry. \'a0Which at the time wasnt too difficult and was progressing at an alarming rate, and individuals were making decent amount of money. Which is when i started working for a computer repair company in mountain view. They taught me a lot about the hardware of technology, and taught me the software of computers and phones of that time. The main skills that I was able to take away from this was problem solving and learning how to do research efficiently, and when to use certain tools at certain times. For the next 8-10 years I was able to watch the progression of the growing industry, working on new phones and new computers constantly. \'a0After a couple years I changed companies and became a Senior computer technician at Fast repair in san mateo. \'a0This in turn made me an expert on computers and how they work, the next step for me was to learn the software side of the industry which is when i decided to become a software developer. \'a0For the next couple of years i went to University in England for Computer Science where I learned all of Pure Maths and physics in a short amount of time which was very difficult for me. \'a0It trained me to learn quickly and study efficiently. \'a0During this time i worked with data structures and the foundation of computer science the very basics. \'a0When i returned from England \'a0i saw the potential growth in javascript and people were offering camps and classes to teach you these languages. \'a0So for the next 6-9 months i studied with the knowledge i had gained from University to prepare me for the camp. \'a0After attending the camp i became efficient in Javascript, enough to pick up other languages, make a website, or handle anything that would need to be done in the JavaScript language. \'a0I worked on many apps and attended hack-a-thons which exposed me to pressure, time constraints , and tool constraints and as each day passed i felt more and more confident with the language. \'a0Once i graduated I knew i was prepared to help the world and contribute to society. \'a0Currently I am seeking opportunities, along with knowledge and research to further my technological passions. \'a0I am eager to learn and work and adapt and change without any problems considering I have been doing that since computers became a household name, and i am ready for any challenges or work that come my way.}